Morgan Stanley                                                                             Confidential



                         1s

                         14

                         13

                         12

                       S11

                         10

                         09

                         08
                               3.0        35           40          45     50
                                               years to maturity

Figure 2: This figure zooms into the yield curve between 3 years and 5 years left to maturity. The
point of the figure is to emphasize there are illiquid bonds (red) that are in between the maturity
of the liquid bonds (blue).
   Now let’s say we have just purchased one unit of the red bond, see figure [3] The risk of this
illiquid instrument is ‘projected’ on to the liquid instruments at 3 and 5 years left to maturity; this
projected risk is represented by the light blue rectangles with the dotted outlines. The autohedger
then sells this projected risk to obtain the target hedge, represented by the darker blue rectangles.
     There are two steps to this hedging process. The first concerns the projection of the illiquid
risk onto the liquid target hedge, using the given hedge ratios input to the autohedger. The second
step, optimizing the variance, is about transacting the target hedge.
    ‘As we will discuss below, we do not always transact the target hedge. Rather we try to opti-
mize this process by spreading the transaction across all the liquid instruments to take advantage of
potentially cheaper transaction costs (and the correlation structure of these liquid hedging instru-
ments). This process is called ‘Optimizing Variance Reduction’ or ‘Opt-Var’ for short; which refers
to the fact that Opt-Var seeks to minimize the portfolio risk variance (in the hedge instrument
space); the incorporation of transaction costs into the Opt-Var objective function renders ensures
that this variance reduction is carried out in an ‘optimal’ way.




130115: Opt-Var                                                                           Page 6 of 136

                       [git] « Branch: iropt-var@be27d1a = Release:     (2024-10-31)