Morgan Stanley                                                                               Confidential


    When new risk appears in the portfolio, the variance increases and the Opt-Var iterations
progressively decrease it until reaching an equilibrium where no other hedges are sent anymore, as
represented schematically in Figure [13]

             Portfolio variance




                                                                                      Time

                        Figure 13: Portfolio variance dynamics through time.

2.5     Functional    Components        in the Autohedger
There are three key functional components in the autohedger.           The diagram in Figure [14] below
summarizes the functions of each component and how they interact with each other. The first
component is the Risk Calculator, which transfers the positions of each security to the hedge
instrument space (in PVO1). The transferred portfolio risk is then used as the input of the Hedge
Calculator component.     The Hedge Calculator uses the Opt-Var model described in this document
to calculate the hedging trades. The hedging trades will then be sent to external exchanges to be
executed through the last component - Hedge Executor. Once these hedging tardes are executed,
the trading book positions will be updated, and a new cycle of risk calculation, hedge calculation
and hedging trades execution will be triggered.

2.5.1    Risk Calculator

The Risk Calculator keeps track of the positions in the trading book throughout the day and coverts
them to portfolio risks. To track the book positions, the risk calculator uses two feeds: a fast feed
and a slow feed. The fast feed comes from the algo apps that generate the trade confirmations,
which include B2C from EQuote, internalization engine RatesX, Desk Interaction Manager (DIM),
the autohedger itself etc. The slow feed is EPAK - a fast and reliable distributor that monitors the
positions from the official positions manager, Big Mac. The positions from the fast and slow feed
are synched if they do not diverge above a threshold, and the synched positions are used by the
autohedger to calculate the portfolio risks. If the fast and slow feed diverge above the threshold,
autohedger will breach. Bookrunners and Strats will then investigate the cause and manually syne
the risk to unbreach it. To calculate the portfolio risk, the first step is to convert the positions
from being expressed in notional terms to risk terms in PVO1. To do this, the Risk Calculator uses
the dpdy of the bonds and futures coming from the MS internal pricing engine KPricer. Following
that, the risk positions of each security are mapped to the hedge instruments space using the

130115: Opt-Var                                                                           Page 15 of 136

                        [git] « Branch: iropt-var@be27d1a = Release:   (2024-10-31)