Morgan Stanley                                                                                   Confidential


4,2       Alternative      Theories    and   Approaches

    In this section, we list alternative approaches and explain the considerations in support of our
choices.
       « A model that proposes hedges without utilizing the correlations and costs of
         different hedge instruments. This is the simplest approach to propose hedges. In this
         approach, the model will always propose to trade the instrument itself if it exceeded a certain
         limit without considering the correlations and costs of trading. Therefore, such an approach
         can be costly for trading the hedges, and we may not end up with an optimal portfolio.
       + Linear instead of quadratic cost term in the model.                 One could consider the Opt-
         Var objective without the quadratic cost term u! Mu but only the linear cost term C™ |u|.
         However, this would imply that this model converges to the stable area in one step, regardless
         of how big the trade is (the proof of this can be derived based on sectio       . This approach
         leads to larger trades and hence more price impact on the market; it follows that the execution
         costs will also be larger in this case.

4.3       Contributions from Key Stakeholders and Independent                        Sources
The stakeholders are the following entities:

       + Algo Traders (Bookrunners): Key stakeholder whose algorithms use the model, and who
         control the model parameters.
       « Strats: Building, enhancing and calibrating the model when needed. Strats make sure
         that the Opt-Var model is valid and working properly, or in the opposite case, they have to
         work with bookrunners to re-tune and re-calibrate the model’s parameters. Also, they are
         responsible for the future enhancement and development of the model.

       + Technology: The technology section is responsible for altering the model’s logics developed
         by Strats to production environment. It ensures the correctness of the model implementa-
         tion, and makes sure it meets the standards of MS for real-time application to guarantee
         performance.
       « Model    Owner:    In the case of the Opt-Var model, it is Strats Management.         The dedicated
         contact is provided on the front matter of the document.

       + ETRM: Managing the risk associated with the algos using the model.
        Independent sources are detailed in section

5       Model      Testing
5.1.      Model Diagnostic Testing
5.1.1      Implementation       Testing

As described in section      the Opt-Var model is implemented in Java using the NAG library
in the production environment. In this section, we implement the Opt-Var model in the Python
environment and test that the production implementation and Python implementation give the
same results. The NAG library requires a specific license to be accessed in Python. Therefore,
130115: Opt-Var                                                                                Page 41 of 136

                           [git] « Branch: iropt-var@be27d1a = Release:   (2024-10-31)