Morgan Stanley                                                                           Confidential


that increasing this term increases the weight of the variance risk term in the objective function,
leading to solutions that trigger increased hedging activity relative to solutions corresponding to
smaller values of A (indeed, doubling the value of X gives - all else held equal - the same behavior
as if transaction costs were halved). The price to be paid for this reduction in variance is larger
executed volumes and higher costs. This behaviour is illustrated in Figure [9] and [10] below. Each
point in the plots corresponds to a resolution with the value of \ displayed nearby. As we can see,
the variance becomes smaller with a higher \ value and higher hedging ratio in Figure|| and this
is also at a cost of paying more to execute the hedges as shown in Figure



                          Seeoer
                        i      sor
                        A            se00
                                       ‘Soot
                        Boe               ooo
                                                eeo8




Figure 9: Pareto frontier of hedging ratio and variance.     Each dot corresponds to the value of \
nearby.




                              pend
                              ooo
                               e007
                                 e007
                                    seo
                                      eet
                                        ero
                                                esoe




Figure 10: Pareto frontier of hedging cost and variance. Each dot corresponds to the value of
nearby.
    In practice, after the first hedge has been executed, the risk calculation system will update the
portfolio risk. This triggers a reoptimization of the Opt-Var problem, which generates a new parent
order. As a consequence, even without new incoming risk, the portfolio follows a trajectory with
decreasing variance and may change after the first hedge order. In our simple toy model without
new incoming risk, the trajectory is displayed in Figure [IT] We see that the model sells both the

130115: Opt-Var                                                                        Page 13 of 136

                      [git] « Branch: iropt-var@be27d1a = Release:   (2024-10-31)