Morgan Stanley                                                                                   Confidential


   3. High level diagram of interfaces (Bow diagram).              As shown in the same figures (figur

      specified in section {3.3} The outputs of the Opt-Var model are the hedging trades which are passed
      to the Hedge Executor    component and sent as orders to the internal order management and routing
      technologies. Eventually, these hedge orders will be sent to external exchanges to be executed. For
      CRB optimization, the outputs are used to generate internal fills.
   4. Languages. Python and Java are used for Opt-Var model research. Java is used for the runtime
      production instance. Research code once reviewed are used as a guidance to implement the change
      in production. As the research and production codes are using different languages, there are tests
      in Python to compare the solutions for Java and Python optimizations. This ensures the production
      implementation in Java and research implementation in Python are completely equivalent.
   5. Environments.

         + Research/Development: There is no specific environment for research. The research is conducted
           in local python environment and local Java simulation.
         + QA: After completing development, IT team deploys new Java code to QA environment, where
            multiple testings are performed.
         + Production: The environment where the algo is running in live.
   6. Automated testing and continuous integration process. There is a unit test suite. The unit
      test suite runs as part of the Jenkins build automatically for each PR, and as part of the automated
      continuous integration builds.
   7. Test process.     First, unit tests are run as part of both the pull request and release automated
      continuous integration builds, After the change has been deployed to QA, dedicated developer will
      run manual testing in the QA environment to ensure the functionalities implemented are working as
      expected. In addition, there are functional and PRA test plans as well as an automated backtesting
      simulation running on a daily basis. All test evidence is attached to TCM.
   8. QA. Testing is performed by an independent QA function. Automated tests are required to pass for
      release builds. The developers in the technology team verify the test plan for a release, they also
      perform and verify extra manual QA tests. If any of the tests fails, developers will discuss with Strats
      and plan the fix.
   9. Re-calibration. As stated in section [3.5} the final parameters of the Opt-Var model are business
      decisions chosen by bookrunners. However, Strats provide guidance for the parameters based on
      quantitative methods as described in section         First, Strats get the guidance numbers using the
      methodologies implemented in Python. Following this, bookrunners review the numbers and make the
      decision. Finally, Strats help bookrunners enter the final parameters into Market Bus and EoS TDA
      tables. However, bookrunners still have the full control to adjust the parameters afterwards if needed.
  10. TRAIN. Application is onboarded to TRAIN:




130115: Opt-Var                                                                               Page   102 of 136

                         [git] « Branch: iropt-var@be27d1a = Release:      (2024-10-31)