Morgan Stanley                                                                                  Confidential


3.1.3.      Business Assumptions

From the business perspective, it is supposed that optimal hedging can be achieved by balancing the
trade-offs between minimizing the portfolio variance, controlling the execution costs to trade the
hedges, and capturing any alphas we can detect from the market. This is inline with bookrunners
perception of an efficient hedging strategy. The premise of the Opt-Var model is that this trade-off
is sufficiently well captured by the objective function as seen in Section [32.2  and consequently
that solving the induced optimization problem will yield hedges that are appropriate for our risk
appetite.

3.2      Model     Specification

3.2.1       Opt-Var   Model    Overview

‘As we have seen, the Opt-Var model is essentially a characterization of the trade-offs between re-
ducing the portfolio variance, controlling hedging costs and capturing alpha. We now explain these
three perspectives in details below, after which we formally state the mathematical formulation of
the Opt-Var objective function.
      1. Portfolio Variance:
         Given the portfolio, we can calculate the portfolio variance using the covariance matrix of the
         hedge instruments, which is a standard measurement of the volatility of risk positions. From
         a risk management perspective, we would like to control the portfolio variance to ensure that
         our portfolio is not unduly exposed to market movements.
      2. Execution Cost: When we execute a trade to hedge our positions, there will be an execution
         cost associated with it. If we fully hedge all our positions in the portfolio to zero risk, we will
         have a minimal portfolio variance of zero.     But this comes at the cost of paying a possibly
         inadmissible amount in execution costs. Therefore, the Opt-Var model must account for this
         cost when calculating the optimal hedges.
      3. Alpha Signal: There are certain circumstances under which holding certain volatile positions
         (that is, holding ‘variance risk’) might be justified on the basis of alpha signals. Therefore,
         the Opt-Var model should also take these into account when calculating the hedges. We
         remark that the development of alpha signals is out of the scope of Opt-Var model and this
         document. At the moment, there is no alpha signal used in EU, so the alpha component as
         we describe below is zero. In the US, the alpha signals are manually set by bookrunners.

     Apart from the three considerations listed above, the Opt-Var model must also operate under
a set of risk and trading constraints. We set risk limits constraints so that Opt-Var is barred from
proposing hedges that would make the total portfolio risk inadmissible. We also set trading size
limit constraints to prevent excessively large hedge orders from being sent to market, as these might
have market impacts that are not accounted for by the Opt-Var parameters.
3.2.2       Objective Function

‘As discussed in section     the Opt-Var model proposes hedges to minimize the portfolio variance
and execution costs, and maximizes the alphas. Therefore, the objective function takes the following
form:



130115: Opt-Var                                                                               Page   18 of 136

                          [git] « Branch: iropt-var@be27d1a = Release:   (2024-10-31)