Morgan Stanley                                                                                          Confidential


however, ¥ is unknown (it is what we wish to estimate!). Ledoit and Wolf define the empirical
quantities
                                                my _= Tr(Sp
                                                         BE
                                                d= ||Sn — mn ll
                                               p22 _       VR AIX T—Snll®
                                                nT         as
                                                bj = min(b,, dy)
                                                 nad BR
and prove that
                                                       2            2
                                              Sia Fa mayd + SS,
                                                       B a
is a consistent estimator of D%, as n + oo. We apply this method with the matrix X where Xij is
the j-th observation of the centered yield increment of product i, using D*(X) as the final covari-
ance matrix.
Outright Risk Holding Time Scaled Covariance Matrix (EU)

    The sample covariance matrix described previously reflects how the movements of the hedge
instruments are correlated to each other, but it does not contain any information regarding how
long each risk positions of the hedge stays in our portfolio relative to others. In practice, we
modify the covariance matrix to account for the holding times, because up-weighting the risk-
variance contribution from instruments that tend to stay for a long time in the book gives us a
more comprehensive notion of the portfolio risk. For example, in EU, the 30-year German BUXL
future position tends to stay longer in the portfolio           than the 10-year German BUND future position,
because the 10-year point is more liquid and more actively traded than the 30-year point. Therefore,
from a risk-management perspective, it can be desirable to favour hedge trades that reduce the risk
in the BUXL bucket, which can be achieved by increasing the variance contribution of BUXL in
the Opt-Var objective function.
    Consider two hedge instruments « and y; we say that we hold the risk positions for times T.,
T,, where T;,Ty denote the average times in between sign changes for the positions (that is, T;
denotes the average time it takes for a short position to become long, or vice-versa), computed over
a certain lookback with a sampling frequency f equal to once every five minuteq®} For instrument
pairs x,y then, the effective time period that there is a correlation between the risk positions in
x and y is given by Teffective = min{T;,Ty}. Since after Tey;ective, no matter how the yield of
instrument y moves, our risk in x will not change as the position of x becomes zero. Thus, the cor-
relation between our risks in « and y becomes zero after Tes ective. Therefore, we propose to scale
the sample covariance matrix by the holding times via 5 = Yo W, where o denotes clementwise
multiplication, and W = (Wj) with Wi = min(Tj,T,)/f for i=1,...,d, 7 =1,...,d.
Risk Decomposition          Holding Time         Scaled Covariance Matrix            (EU)

    ‘An alternative approach for scaling the covariance matrix considered in the EU is to use the
holding time of the risk decompositions: in EGB, bookrunners monitor the risks of specific spreads
    5The intraday portfolio risks are sampled every 5 minutes, from London time 7:30- 17:30 (or 08:00 to 17:30 if FLG
is included), over a certain period. ‘The time lags between sign changes are used to compute the holding times values
T.

130115: Opt-Var                                                                                      Page 29 of 136

                          [git] « Branch: iropt-var@be27d1a = Release:        (2024-10-31)