Morgan Stanley                                                                             Confidential


In the simpler case of same quadratic cost for each asset, that is M = mlq with m € R,, the
explicit solution to

                               AE + VEZ
                                      + IMAS _ AE + Ay/D2 44RD
                        P=
                                       2             _             2           °
where the square root is understood in the sense of PSD matrices. We apply this result by approx-
imating the quadratic cost matrix by m1q where m is the average quadratic cost over the assets.
Replacing the infinite horizon value function v(q1) = q} Pq in (16) yields the Opt-Var problem
     with 5, = 1. When the position increase is not allowed the reasoning is exactly the same,
the only change being the different constraints at the first step. The infinite horizon problem and
its solution remain the same. In practice, the parameter 55, is set to 1 or 0 at the trading desk’s
discretion.

4       Model     Development          and    Selection       Process

4.1      Model    Segmentation and Variable Selection
4.1.1     Model   Segmentation

The Opt-Var model is a portfolio and cost optimization model used for automated hedging. The
model can be adapted and applied to hedge any portfolios with a given set of products, provided
the covariance matrix of the portfolio can be satisfactorily estimated, and the cost parameters can
be calibrated. In our case, the model is used to hedge the UST bonds & futures portfolio in the
US, and to hedge the portfolio of EU futures in EGB.
4.1.2     Variable selection
The decision variable in the Opt-Var model is the trade vector w as described in section
clement in the trade vector corresponds to the amount we should trade to hedge the ris!
instrument in the portfolio. The choice of the instruments included in the portfolio is a business
decision made by bookrunners. There is no systematic approach to select the hedge instruments
included in the portfolio, but an appropriate hedge instrument should meet the below criteria:
      + The relationship between the instruments to be hedged and the hedge instruments can be
        clearly identified. That is to say, when the price of the instrument to be hedged moves in a
        certain way, we should be able to estimate the price movement of the hedge instrument based
        on this information.
      + The hedge instruments should be liquid enough so that we can easily trade them to hedge
        the positions when needed.
    ‘At the time of writing, the products included in the EU portfolio are the seven liquid front
contract EGB futures. In the US, they are the liquid on-the-run treasuries and front contract UST
futures as mentioned in section        The choice of the hedge instruments included in the portfolio
and Opt-Var model can be adjusted based on the business needs on an ad hoc basis. When new
products are added to the portfolio, the covariance matrix will need a recalibration to include those
products, and the cost and risk limits parameters, etc., for those products will need to be calibrated,
but otherwise the underlying logic of the model is unaffected.

130115: Opt-Var                                                                          Page 40 of 136

                        [git] « Branch: iropt-var@be27d1a = Release:   (2024-10-31)